Well, we're really covered a lot in this section.
We learned a lot about routing, setting up routes, setting up child routes, navigating there, navigating
there in code, passing parameters, passing query parameters, extracting parameters, extracting parameters
dynamically, using guards, using different types of guards, preventing the user from accidentally navigating
away, resolving data, passing static data, styling the links which are active
and so much more. This is how you may use the Angular router
we're going to use in our course project soon but I can only encourage you to play around with it, to
really get a feeling for it
and I will also take a closer look at these observables we used in this section so that you feel more
comfortable using them too.
Let's move on.